ABBY: Previously on
Dance Moms...
Uh-oh.
(gasps) She just
twisted her ankle.
If it gets worse,
we have to pull her.
Everybody else
has to learn to adjust.
I think that's what
she's afraid of.
We're talking about
what you enable to happen.
I don't want to dance
here anymore, Maddie.
I'm sick of it.
Melissa plays
the "I'm so nice" part,
and she's the sneakiest,
most underhanded person of them all.
ABBY: I'm sitting in my seat
watching Chloe on stage.
Boom, forgets another part.
Don't set them
up to be okay to fail.
Coming up on Dance Moms...
We are here in New York City.
You're going to be going to
the Joffrey Ballet School.
You guys need to fight for this.
(indistinct chatter)
Don't you hear it?
Hi!
ABBY: This is about your kid
having an audition tomorrow
and her brain
not being in her head.
You don't respect me
and you don't respect these girls.
-CATHY: Talk to her as well.
-You've just got to now focus, please.
(door closes)
ABBY: My entire reputation
is humiliated.
Shh, shh, shh.
Abby's going to hate me.
Your kids and fine without me.
(theme music playing)
SINGER: ♪ Get up ♪
♪ Get on the floor ♪
♪ My world is with my girls ♪
♪ Living on the dance floor ♪
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: All right, here we are.
Let's go.
This week the girls and I
are in New York City
to rehearse
for a Joffrey Ballet audition.
Come on, ladies.
Let's go.
For these little girls,
this is a chance of a lifetime.
I don't want to see
any of them blow it.
This competition season
has been extremely tough
and extremely rewarding,
but I think the kids are ready
for whatever
New York City has to offer.
They want to show
their own talents
and I think this is
a great opportunity.
Girls, this is the big time.
We are here in New York City
in the dance Mecca
of the world right here.
And I want you
to take it all in.
Everybody you pass
on that street
probably took a dance lesson
at some point in their life.
Do you understand that?
Yes, there's a lot of kids
that win competitions,
a lot of kids who get crowns
on their heads,
and there's a handful
that make it in the industry.
Remember that.
I want to talk about
Michigan first.
We are not going to win
a group dance
until everybody in this group
is on the same level.
PRESENTER: Number (indistinct) 1A,
"Wipe Them Out,"
Star Dance Studio.
When parts of the choreography
are in unison,
you all need to be in unison.
That's what it means.
Last week,
these girls lost again.
They were sloppy.
Their timing was off.
They need to bond as a group.
It's not always
about your solos.
It's about that group,
and you need
to learn the dance in a group.
If you don't apply
the corrections,
you're not going to improve.
And that's the issue.
Until they realize that,
it's not going to happen.
Now, on with the pyramid.
Luckily the pyramid
found its way to Manhattan.
Yay.
On the bottom
of the pyramid...
is Paige.
Did you correct the arms?
Yes.
Did you put the phone away?
No.
She gets no credit for doing
her back tuck or her press or--
-Credit?
-It's her phone.
KELLY: I thought watching
Paige in the group number,
I thought she did great.
I just don't think that Abby
gives her enough credit.
She always sticks her
in the back
and doesn't pay
attention to her,
and I think
she can hold her own.
I think she's fine in the group.
ABBY: Next,
Mackenzie.
You can improv if you're early
on the music in a solo.
But when you do it in a trio
and you don't tell
the other two partners
to do it ahead of time,
you make them look like idiots
because you were out there,
woo, shaking it up.
Understood?
Next, Chloe.
Time to face the music.
Forgot your routine.
SINGER: ♪ Remain
when watercolors fade ♪
You're not seven anymore.
You're 10 years old.
You can't make up
your own thing and wait to get back
onto the music
when 35 other dancers
are doing the right thing.
That's a pink slip.
That's the unemployment line.
Understood?
Next, Nia.
You hurt your foot.
You worked through it.
It all worked out.
However, it's the technique.
And it's like we tell you
over and over, it's up to you.
Do you want to fix it?
Do you want to make it better?
Then you will.
Understood?
Next, we have Brooke.
Brooke, you did
what you needed to do.
But you always just do
I want to see more from you.
I'd love to give her more,
but Miss Abby spends all her time
with all the other girls.
And on top again is Maddie.
I challenge you
to keep winning your solos
because you pick up quickly.
MELISSA: No big surprise.
For the fifth week in a row,
Maddie reigns supreme
at the top of the pyramid.
I want to talk about
after the competition.
The scout from
the Joffrey Ballet School
came to our dressing room.
They chose
the Abby Lee Dance Company.
The Joffrey Ballet School
has huge history here.
Robert Joffrey started
the school in 1953.
There are people from all over
the world coming here to train.
You're going to be going
to the Joffrey School
with some of the most
prestigious instructors
in all of New York.
Throughout the year,
Joffrey auditions
over 20,000 dancers
for their Summer Intensive program,
and they only give
a handful of scholarships away.
If one of my girls
would get those scholarships,
that would just be
another feather in my cap.
The judges
that are judging you
are three instructors
at the Joffrey School.
They're going to look at feet,
turnout, body lines.
Everything you've learned
up until this point
is going to come
into play in this audition.
MELISSA: I have to tell you
that I'm very nervous
for our girls to be auditioning
for the Joffrey Ballet School
simply because our girls
don't get a lot of ballet anymore,
so I hope that they don't
embarrass themselves.
You guys need to fight for this.
We have to work
on a ballet combination today.
We have to work on
a short presentation
for each one of you to do
when you go into that audition.
I expected you
to look like ballerinas.
I'm shocked at the way
you're dressed.
Here you are in New York City
going to a professional dance studio.
You never know
who's going to be there.
who's going to see you.
You always want
to look your best.
You're going to have
a pinks tights on.
You're going to have a leotard on.
You're going to have
your hair in a bun.
So moms, you're going
to have to go out,
you're going to have
to hit the dance wear store,
and I want them looking
like ballerinas.
The look is half the battle.
Mommy's not going to be there.
Abby's not going to be in there.
It's you.
You either sink or swim.
And please don't embarrass me.
CHLOE: It's a really big deal
to dance at the Joffrey Ballet School,
especially when you're young.
Performing for a huge audience
actually doesn't really get me
that nervous,
but performing for like three of--
like amazing ballerinas, it's--
that's a little nerve-racking.
ABBY: In addition to our rehearsals
for this ballet audition,
we are also going
to be working on a number.
You heard that right.
So we will be attending
Starbound Competition
in Paramus, New Jersey.
And the competition
is going to be fierce.
I've had it with these girls.
We are going
to Starbound this weekend
and they have
a reputation to uphold.
They are reigning
national champions.
I expect them to win,
and they're going to do it.
Ladies, our group routine this week
is about a very serious topic.
Again?
Let me just say,
each one of you is in jail.
I had a brilliant idea to do
kind of a take on
an old number from
the Broadway show Chicago.
But I want to water it down
for nine, ten, eleven-year-olds.
So they're like jailbirds.
It's dark,
it's a bit avant-garde,
and it's going to be fun.
It's very weird being in jail
because I've never been
there before.
Chloe, you just came off a solo.
You forgot your routine.
You got to get right
back on that horse.
You're going to be doing
a solo this weekend.
Maddie, you've been undefeated
for the last few weeks,
so I'm challenging you once again
to do a solo at Starbound.
This might be
the busiest week of your life.
CHRISTI: Abby bit off more
than she could chew last week
with trios and solos
and group dances,
and this week we're doing
group dances and solos
and the Joffrey audition.
Can't we just focus on one thing?
ABBY: I know that
I'm putting the pressure on you.
But you know what?
There's a time for pressure
and it's right now.
You are representing
the Abby Lee Dance Company.
32 years of history.
Do you understand that?
Don't blow it.
(quirky music playing)
CATHY: Girls, come on in.
I have a really
spectacular announcement
that I want to make.
I found out
that Joffrey Ballet
is having open auditions
in my most favorite city in the world.
KIDS: New York.
New York.
I've got a lot of work
that I have to do.
I think that we are completely ready
to go up against
some of Abby's dancers
and audition
for a scholarship to Joffrey.
We're going to hit the audition,
and then we're
going to New Jersey
because Starbound is there.
Is Abby going to be there?
CATHY: Yeah, pressure's on,
Miss Kendall.
There's probably going to be
more and more events
that we run into Abby.
That's just the way it is.
I think that we probably
have better ballet training
than they do, but we'll see.
Abby is way stuck
in vaudeville.
She's still dancing
on a 1940s stage with her mom,
and we have a wonderful routine
that is very heartfelt
that I think that finally
we may be able
to beat Abby with this number.
And go.
One, two, three.
Two, two, three.
Boom!
(pensive music playing)
ABBY: Pick out something
from one of your solos,
something that is amazing
that you do better
than anybody else does.
But the Abby Lee Dance Company
is going to concentrate
on two main things,
the Joffrey Ballet audition,
and the very next day
the Starbound competition.
I don't think that you understand quite
how important this is.
I mean, you cannot go in there
and look like a slacker.
I think just walking
into the Joffrey School
is going to be
tough on these kids.
They are not little Trinas.
They don't take ballet class
every single day all day long,
so I think it's going
to be intimidating,
I think they're going
to be frightened,
I think they're going to
be a nervous wreck,
and I just hope
their mothers are frightened
and nervous and keep
their mouths closed.
You're going in front of people
that have had great careers.
You don't want to walk in there
and be the big joke
that they're going to laugh
at when they go home tonight.
HOLLY: Everyone feels on edge.
We have this audition coming up
and the girls do not have
a lot of ballet background.
There's more pressure
than normal this week.
ABBY: And where do you think
an arabesque should be?
Down here where yours is?
No.
At least parallel to the floor.
And you can't do
a crash course on this.
No, we're not fitting all of our ballet
training in for the past two years
in this hour class.
ABBY:
How did that look?
-Better?
-MOMS: Uh-hmm.
Keep going.
This has to stop.
But it keeps falling down.
I know, but that's why you wear
a leotard that fits you correctly.
Abby, is it possible
that, um, you could give us
some ideas when we go to look
for the appropriate black leotard
if there are certain types
of leotards we should be looking for
that complement
each of their body styles?
Not saying
that we can find them,
but we might stand
a better chance.
You want your legs
to look long and your body--
your torso to look short.
This is a cute outfit
and she's wearing it
and it's not giving her
a problem.
However, this would be
more appropriate.
MELISSA: Wow, yeah.
ABBY:
Even from the side.
HOLLY:
I'll be honest with you.
I'm not really sure what
a New York City look is for a dancer,
so if she has this vision,
it's her responsibility
to communicate that
because otherwise
we can't prepare them
for what she has in mind.
All this stuff
is really taking away
from her dancing,
and it's all about selling that outfit.
All of you stop
with these crazy outfits.
(whimsical music playing)
MELISSA:
Ooh, I'm so excited!
I wonder if this is
a flagship store.
CHRISTI: If we can find
a way to quiet Abby down,
let's do it.
Let's go shopping
for black leotards
so tomorrow
we don't have to hear it.
We're looking for black leos
that have really high cuts for kids.
Now I'm feeling
a little pressured, overwhelmed.
Abby wants us
to get special leotards
and we don't have any time
in the day to do so.
WOMAN: That's too basic?
-She wants something a little more--
-Well, just prettier.
We didn't know we were supposed
to bring 900 black leotards.
CHRISTI: I brought two.
She's so particular
about what fits
and what doesn't and the color.
Do you think those leotards
are going to satisfy Abby?
CHRISTI:
The shopping trip went well.
We were able to each find
a leotard for the girls.
They were solid.
We got our pink tights
and our ballet slippers
so hopefully mom's
the word tomorrow.
You know, she's so specific
about what a leotard
can do for your body.
Maybe we ought to ask
if they have one in her size.
Oh, they don't make
leotards that size.
(laughter)
Everybody who dances
for Candy Apples
knows that they have
a certain aura about them
when they walk into a competition.
Based on everything
that I've done with Kendall,
I think that
she is completely ready
to go up against
some of Abby's dancers
and audition
for a scholarship to Joffrey.
You know I'm down
a spectacular dancer.
I broke my ankle.
I put a lot
of stock in Taylor
and I don't want to pressure you
by any means
other than to say
she's got big shoes to fill.
I'm really nervous to do my solos
in front of ballet judges
because I'm used to doing it
in front of audiences
and not just being
in a room with judges.
CATHY: You have
to rise to the occasion.
You know,
cream rises to the top.
So we want to have
ourselves a latte.
(upbeat music playing)
When you step forward,
right away your heads forward.
Boom, boom, bap.
CHLOE: I am so excited
for my solo this week.
I'm finally the Red Queen
from Alice in Wonderland,
and I've been waiting
for this forever.
Take your hands
right here and go.
ABBY: Chloe is doing
Queen of Hearts.
She really relates to the darkness,
to the viciousness,
to the evil aspect
of playing a character
that is on the dark side.
And when you lunge,
your head's here.
Push through.
Look at it.
Change your head around.
You know, when you tell
a kid to be happy and smile,
that's easy.
But when you tell them
that they have to be evil
and they have to be insightful
and they have to be
attacking the judges,
it gives them more to work with.
It gives them
a story line to follow.
And that's where Chloe shines.
Come on, Maddie.
So Maddie, it's called
"In My Heart."
We have one day to learn it
because tomorrow
is the big Joffrey Ballet audition.
MADDIE: My solo this week
is a lyrical routine,
and it's called "In My Heart,"
and I really love the song
and the choreography.
Low. Hold.
(makes sound)
ABBY: This is a stellar routine for her.
It has all the elements
that she needs.
She jumps. She turns.
Her transitions are lovely.
It certainly is a routine
that's right up Maddie's ally.
That, and go right
into that from there.
One, two.
MELISSA: It's not like... perfect.
ABBY: And you can illusion and tilt.
The pressure is on.
I expect Maddie
to do really well this weekend.
It's hard to get to the top
of the pyramid,
but it's even...
-Harder to stay there?
-Harder to stay there.
So game on.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Girls, come on.
Listen up.
We have two days
until you are in Paramus, New Jersey
doing this competition in Starbound.
I really need my girls
to turn it on and turn it up.
Our group number has not placed
in the top for weeks
and I'm sick of it.
We have a few more
hours to rehearse
and they better get this perfect.
Go get your dance bags,
put your jazz shoes on.
(sighs) (bleep).
We don't even have a dance bag.
Go tell Miss Abby
that you and Mackenzie
-left them on the couch.
-I don't have my shoes.
Don't start crying.
I'm not in the mood today
for any of this at all.
So don't get upset about it.
I don't care.
ABBY: Girls, let's go.
-Come on.
-Her dance bags are at the hotel.
Every kid makes a mistake,
Maddie, okay?
You're not perfect.
Maddie was really upset
because she left
her dance bag at the hotel.
That's her dance bag.
I mean, that's her shoes.
So she was very upset
and she wasn't herself the whole day.
It was my fault.
Totally my fault.
It's not your fault.
It's her dance bag.
Well, every kid
makes a mistake, Abby.
-And you know, so it's my fault.
-Well...
-MELISSA: I should have checked.
-...I don't want Maddie to make mistakes.
-And when you get here--
-No one's perfect.
There's kids that are living here
that are 14 and 15 years old
on their own
paying their own bills.
And when you guys get here,
you can't call mommy.
When you walk into an audition,
it's your responsibility,
not your mother's.
It's a pair of shoes.
Who cares?
MELISSA: Maddie's on the top
of the pyramid for the fifth time
and Abby puts a lot of pressure on her.
Maddie is such a perfectionist
and she's hard on herself.
Maddie, stop with this face
because I'm not in the mood.
(tense music playing)
(indistinct chatter)
CHRISTI:
Hello, note to Melissa.
Like in parenting 101,
if your daughter
forget some ballet slippers,
don't flip out and stress her out.
It's a couple
of $14.99 ballet slippers.
Like run down the street
and get her a new pair.
ABBY: Your kid is in there,
and her brain is not in her head
because in the back of her head
she's thinking about,
where's my bag?
What if I lost my shoes?
How am I going to get them?
This is about your kid having
an audition tomorrow
and her brain not being in her head.
She's not focused
on the routine.
Mackenzie and Maddie
left their bags
in the lobby of the hotel.
ABBY: Now, what are we going to do?
The more your kid is on the ball,
the more people expect.
And that's sad,
but that's the truth.
We just don't have time
for mistakes like this.
Now Maddie's flustered
and it's costing us time
that we just don't have.
If the group loses again
this week, I'm finished.
I need you to be nasty
and bitter and mean.
You're playing a part.
Line. I want to set those points.
CHLOE: Miss Abby
says this is for jailbirds,
and that's a little
scary to think about.
I think you just have
to set aside the jailbirds part
and focus more on the dance
and really getting into it and acting.
Chloe, that's a grand plie second.
You're not hitting that.
Slow down.
KELLY: I think
our girls are sweet girls,
so I think it's going to be
hard for them
to be dancing behind jail bars.
ABBY: This is the last chance I have
to work on the group number
for the Starbound competition
before the Joffrey audition.
My girls are nowhere near
being ready for this.
All right, girls, listen.
Tomorrow is the Joffrey Ballet audition.
There's going to be
other kids your age
auditioning for the same
Joffrey Intensive.
Everybody wants it
and everybody wants it bad
or they wouldn't be here.
This is a big deal.
I want all three
of those ballet teachers
to know how talented
the children are
from the Abby Lee Dance Company.
Don't walk in there
and embarrass me.
(tense music playing)
CHRISTI: At this point,
I'm thinking that this group number
is a hot mess.
It's like a train wreck
and I'm trapped in dance jail
and I can't get out.
I have never been so stressed out
doing nothing in my life.
-It's like a whole (indistinct)
-It's stressful sitting there
watching her
like treat our kids like that.
-(sighs)
-HOLLY: I think she brings out
the worst in us.
-Absolutely.
The way I'm looking
at the audition for tomorrow,
I'm not expecting Nia to win it.
It's just a hard balance,
I think, as a mom
as trying to encourage
your daughter
to go out and do well
but also temper that
so she's not getting
her hopes up too high.
I don't expect Nia to win,
but I do care about the audition
for my daughter
because it means
something to her.
So I'm still trying to figure out
what exactly happened
to these dance bags?
I swear on my life
Maddie said to her,
Mom, do you have my dance bag?
I think we should
steal the bags.
(laughter)
Next time we'll steal
their bags so they get in trouble.
-Christi, do you have their bags?
-Because otherwise they won't get--
I've never seen them
get in trouble for anything.
HOLLY: Who has
the Zielgers' dance bags?
Yeah, Christi probably
has it up in her room.
Maybe.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: 20,000 dancers
every year audition
for Joffrey's summer program.
This is a big time.
It's intense.
You're just
at the beginning of your shot.
You have something to work for.
CHRISTI: The Joffrey
is a huge deal,
and it really, really,
really could make or break
somebody's career
because ballet is the foundation
of all other dance.
ABBY: Girls, remember,
you're not just
representing yourself.
You're representing
the Abby Lee Dance Company.
(funky music playing)
-CATHY: Listen, girls.
-KELLY: Oh my God.
Don't you hear it?
(indistinct chatter)
Hi!
(upbeat music playing)
(quirky music playing)
-CATHY: Listen, girls.
-KELLY: Oh my God.
Don't you hear it?
Chloe's warming up
in the hall and then I hear...
(chatter)
Girls, girls, girls, girls.
Oh, Cathy has arrived.
Hi!
How are you guys?
-ABBY: Good, how are you?
-CATHY: Good.
Hi, ladies.
KELLY: Candy Apples
need to get a life
and quit following
the Abby Lee Dance Company around.
Lead with the chest down, up.
ABBY: Girls,
if you don't know it yet,
-you're never going to know it.
-CATHY: Stop voicing your opinion
because it doesn't matter here.
We have every right to be
at the exact same places that she is.
-JILL: Hi, Abby.
-ABBY: How are you?
-Good, how are you?
-Good thanks.
JILL: Nice to see you guys here.
To run in to Abby,
it kind of changed the mood,
my mood
and Kendall's mood a little bit.
But, oh well.
We are ready for the solos.
ABBY: Shoulders down.
Big smile. Use your face.
WOMAN: 249 Paige.
249. Let's go.
JUDGE: Do you have
something for us?
PAIGE: I like the piece
Abby put together for my audition
because it has
some of my good tricks and everything.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Brooke, make it look easy
'cause that's what's impressive
about you.
BROOKE: All judges
have different opinions
so they may hate tricks
or they may love tricks,
so I've no clue how this piece
is going to go over.
(upbeat music playing)
I'm not a fan of tricks.
ABBY:
Holly, are you nervous?
Are you pacing?
-I'm so very nervous.
-ABBY: That's what I used to do.
I used throw up
in a bucket outside.
You got a bucket?
(techno music playing)
NIA: I think I did pretty well.
I hope I get the scholarship.
(whimsical music playing)
You jumped, you flipped,
you twirled, uh, a lot.
But got to tell whoever told you
to shake your bum bum like that,
that they are a dumb dumb.
Hey, Abby taught me
how to shake my bum bum,
and I shake it pretty well.
ABBY: What did they say?
He said, whoever taught you
to shake your bum bum
is a dumb dumb.
Oh!
-That's your mother.
-MACKENZIE: Uh-uh.
You're the one who taught me.
No, not me!
(upbeat music playing)
Do you really think you need that much...
makeup in a ballet audition?
It's a little over the top.
All right, go get 'em.
Good luck, Kendall.
WOMAN: I think Kendall
is a beautiful little dancer
and I really hope
that she can come out on top
and get this scholarship.
(upbeat music playing)
I very much enjoyed the arms
in the beginning of the dance.
That was lovely.
Very nice.
-This is like your forte.
-Okay.
You go to ballet.
You look like a ballerina.
You have a beautiful body.
CHRISTI: I think Abby is putting a lot of
pressure on Chloe and Maddie this week,
and it's almost like the whole
Maddie-Chloe showdown once again.
Go in there and own it.
-Okay.
-Okay?
CHLOE: I'm very excited
for the ballet audition.
I mean, I've never done something
this big before my entire dance life,
so it's every man for himself.
JUDGE: You got something for us?
-Mm-hmm
-Yes? All right.
Take the floor.
(music playing)
Your natural just God-given ability
is fantastic.
It's wonderful.
You really have something special.
Just please get into more ballet classes.
Would you go out there
and send in number 252, Maddie.
-Yep. Thank you.
-JUDGE: Thank you.
JUDGE: Thank you.
CHLOE: They told me that they think
that I need more ballet classes,
which makes me a little bit nervous
thinking that maybe like
I don't have enough training
for the Joffrey Ballet School.
I mean, you never know
what the three judges could be thinking.
Like, oh, we want her, we don't want her.
You never know what they want.
-You should be proud of yourself.
-Thanks.
MADDIE: I think going up against Chloe
is going to be hard
because she's more of a ballerina
than I am.
ABBY: Shoulders down.
Shoulders back the whole time. No pouch.
MADDIE: I'm really nervous
because we don't really do
ballet that often
and we have three ballet judges.
JUDGE: So, Maddie, you got something
you can show us?
-Yes.
-JUDGE: All right.
(mellow music playing)
JUDGE: Thank you.
You really know how to perform.
Thank you.
JUDGE: Some showmanship going on there.
You could have been on Broadway.
But you have to be a dancer.
Throughout the whole piece
I kept wanting there to be a pause.
I wanted there to be a time
where you let your body finish
and move all the way through something
before jumping into the next movement.
JUDGE: Uh, can you go up on releve.
Show me releve, right?
Go really high up on the releve, okay?
Those feet have more potential
than what you're using right now.
But you've got to work hard to do it.
They said that I have great potential.
ABBY: Maddie came out,
and Maddie was not all that confident.
She takes things very seriously
and very much to heart.
Two and three, four and five.
Legs at six.
We all know that Kendall
has had training other places
so we've just kind of tweaked out
all the bad habits
that she's gathered along the way.
Cathy's gotten Kendall
so many things going on.
That's wonderful.
CATHY: How have the moms been
at Candy Apples, Jill?
JILL: The moms are great.
CATHY: That's probably why
I have 300 students versus 20
because I don't have a problem
with embracing new customers.
ABBY: Cathy, how many kids
have you had here at Joffrey?
-CATHY: How many have you had, Abby?
-Three.
CATHY: I highly doubt
that you've had three people here.
I've had students study here
in the summer every single year,
and I'm not going to start
to name them off
because it means nothing to you.
I honestly feel
that the Abby Lee Miller gang
think that they've bought the market
on any competition,
any audition,
anything that has to do with dance.
They are nothing but trouble,
and it was honestly fun
just to get Abby's feathers ruffled.
JUDGE: Good afternoon, everyone.
We are ready for the dancers.
All right, now, if I could get
to number 247 over here, please.
Fifth position, tendu, and close.
Tendu, and close.
CATHY: See, number 250
was plopping your foot out
and bringing it back up.
Oh, so sorry, that's your child.
KELLY: Cathy.
Cathy. Is that all you guys can say?
You're not even supposed to be watching.
Aren't you the teacher?
Shouldn't you know that?
Well then stop popping your head in.
-I didn't.
-CATHY: What?
KELLY: I just turned around
and looked for you.
CATHY: I don't see a sign
that says no teachers allowed.
-KELLY: It's just etiquette.
-No, no, no.
-You don't look in...
-You know what?
-...on an audition.
-CATHY: Listen.
KELLY: Or let alone a dance class.
JUDGE: Take some of that tension
out of the shoulders there.
Lift up through the back of that neck.
Pull the stomach in. Good.
Work through that foot each time.
What's up with the bobby pin in your hair?
CHRISTI: Cathy.
CATHY: Are you going to use them
for later?
Yep.
CATHY: Honey, you so want
to have style and you don't.
CHRISTI: Oh, Cathy, I suggest
you shut your mouth and walk away.
CATHY: Oh, why?
Are you going to beat me up?
Cathy comes in and she talks
about my manners and my etiquette
and she cannot conduct herself
like a human being.
And I'm trying to sit there
and ignore her,
but my god, it's like needles
on a chalkboard.
Finally, I'm just like, ah.
You don't even know me.
I can read you like a book.
You are so full of (bleep).
Please be gone.
-CATHY: Ooh, nice language.
-I know. I got it from you.
CATHY: That's what you always have to--
no, you didn't.
Christi is being her usual self.
She's jawing about something
that's not suiting her fancy.
Up and over to the bar.
Lengthen up out of that side.
Keep those stomachs strong.
ABBY: Cathy, let's tone it down a notch.
You're at the Joffrey Ballet.
A little decorum please.
CATHY: And we've got Abby
who's screaming, "Be quiet,"
yet it's her voice that you hear.
Newsflash. Newsflash.
There's an audition going on
right behind the door. Shush.
CATHY: I'm not the one that's always drunk
and can't take care of my kids.
CHRISTI: I'm not drunk,
and I can take care of anybody just fine.
CATHY: Oh, but you've always got
a drink in your hand.
You embarrass yourself
every time you open your mouth.
Pardon me one moment, please.
Ladies.
CHRISTI: Thank you. Thank you.
We're having a ballet class in here.
(suspenseful music playing)
You embarrass yourself
every time you open your mouth.
Pardon me one moment, please.
Ladies...
we're having a ballet class in here.
CHRISTI: Thank you.
If you don't respect me
and you don't respect these girls,
-respect the art form.
-CATHY: Don't only talk to me.
-You need to talk to her as well.
-You've just got to now focus, everybody.
Please.
CHRISTI: I was beyond mortified,
and I was just so mad
that I let Cathy get the best of me
and I behaved that way
because I had no intentions of that.
I don't want anyone
to ever execute behavior
like what I had to step out that door
and tell the people
who are responsible for you
to not behave like.
ABBY: I'm also feeling a bit embarrassed.
Cathy is completely unprofessional.
She's loud, she's obnoxious,
and I don't want to be around her anymore.
Don't let a bad influence
like that influence your lives.
PAIGE: Our moms were really bad.
It was so rude.
I hope they don't embarrass me again.
JUDGE: All right,
thank you all for coming in.
We will let you know.
ABBY: There are three judges in there.
Thank you.
Somebody is going to say something nice
and somebody is not.
Overall, I think they did a great job.
But now, we need to focus
on that competition.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Come on, ladies. Hurry.
Come on, you got it, girls?
We are the overall grand champions
from the Starbound Nationals
in Lake Tahoe, Nevada.
-Hi.
-STAFF: Hi, how are you?
Good, good, good.
I'll come back and check in.
I want to get them to the dressing room.
Thanks.
So every time we attend a Starbound,
it's important
that we hold on to that title
and we prove ourselves
time and time again.
We need to be on top.
Okay, girls, listen to me closely.
You know we're in New Jersey.
We're at Starbound.
You are the national champions.
But I'll tell you what,
a lot of these really talented studios
were not at the nationals in Lake Tahoe,
so I think you have your work
cut out for you today.
HOLLY: It's tough.
I mean, they're thinking
about a new dance,
a new routine for Starbound,
and Abby never hesitates
to remind the girls
that you're the national
champions of Starbound.
There's more pressure
than normal this week.
CATHY: Uh, where are the candles?
Bunny, I'm putting you
in charge of the candles.
And I also have the blanket.
-Guys, can we run the number?
-GIRL: Yeah.
CATHY: Who's got their hair done?
-DANCER: Me.
-DANCER: Almost.
CATHY: Almost, okay?
All right, so you know, up to this point
in competitions we've kind of
been doing spooky numbers,
so let's just keep it really beautiful.
Starbound is a huge competition,
and Abby Lee Miller Company
is going to be there
as well as Candy Apples Dance Center.
And we have a wonderful routine
that is very heartfelt
that I think that finally
we may be able to take charge,
possibly beat Abby with this number.
Hey, good luck, everybody.
-Thank you.
-JILL: Nail it.
Guys, I'm nervous.
Stare at that judge.
That's not a floppy foot.
Point your toe.
KELLY: I think this dance is a mess.
They're working with this jail prop,
and I think that a lot of the moves
that she's having them do,
it's not very technical.
I think our girls have way more technique
than what is put in this dance.
ABBY: Open that attitude up.
Your foot should be parallel
to the ground.
Abby's putting all this pressure on us
that we have to win this competition
because we're the national champions.
PRESENTER: Starting with number 892
small group open ages 9 to 10.
Number 892.
"Hurt Them First."
(cheering)
SINGER: ♪ Boys ♪
♪ Games ♪
♪ Lies ♪
♪ Pain ♪
♪ Boys ♪
♪ Games ♪
♪ Lies ♪
♪ Pain ♪
♪ Don't let them hurt you ♪
♪ Don't ever compromise ♪
♪ Don't walk into their web of lies ♪
♪ You gotta stand up ♪
♪ You've got to take control ♪
♪ You've got to keep those boys in line ♪
♪ If you don't want... ♪
HOLLY: I never imagined
my daughter ever being in a jail cell,
and so I'm trying to put my feelings aside
that I really don't like it.
But she's a character for this piece,
so I'm going with it.
♪ Hurt ♪
♪ Tears ♪
MELISSA: I love the number.
I couldn't believe
the acting going on there.
♪ If you don't wanna get hurt ♪
♪ You gotta hurt them first ♪
(cheers and applause)
CATHY: We, as a team,
happened to be able to catch
the Abby Lee dancers
doing their Jailhouse Rock routine.
It was a bad take off of "Chicago."
I couldn't tell. The dance is flat.
ABBY: The group number was great.
They were hot and they knew it.
PRESENTER: Judges, next up
is number 870, "Almost Heaven."
(cheering)
CATHY: Knowing what
we were going to bring to the stage,
we were feeling very confident.
We wanted a perfect performance.
(Cassandra Kubinski's
"Halfway To Heaven" playing)
♪ Have you been gazing a bit ♪
♪ More than usual up at the sky ♪
♪ Asking why you should try ♪
♪ When your body aches ♪
♪ To surrender ♪
JILL: Cathy's number
was very technical, very mature.
Kendall looks like a little angel,
and I really, really am excited.
I love it.
(cheering and applause)
CATHY: I'm pretty much on the edge
of the seat right now.
My palms are sweating
and my butt's shaking,
which is what happens when I get nervous.
PRESENTER: You guys ready
for some awards or what?
(cheering and applause)
PRESENTER: Oh, yeah.
I think that Cathy might beat us.
In my hands I hold
the top 10
junior groups.
In 10th place...
PRESENTER: You guys ready
for some awards or what?
(cheering and applause)
PRESENTER: Oh, yeah.
And here we go.
We start out small group open
ages 9 and 10.
In 10th place
with a score of 286,
892, "Hurt Them First,"
Abby Lee Dance Company.
-(cheering and applause)
-Oh, that's us.
ABBY: I was very humiliated.
We are the overall grade champions
from the Starbound nationals.
Maybe the judges didn't get it.
That's their right.
That's what you get
when you go to competition.
PRESENTER: Congratulations one more time
to "Hurt Them First" in 10th place.
MELISSA: Our group number came in 10th.
We've never come in 10th place.
It kind of mortified us a little bit.
But it is what it is.
PRESENTER: Moving on to ninth place.
One point higher
with the score of 286,
870, "Almost Heaven,"
Candy Apples Dance.
Step back up.
Who helped you with this routine?
Cathy Nesbitt-Stein.
PRESENTER: Remind everybody
one more time what studio you're from.
KERISA: Candy Apples Dance Center.
There it is, your ninth place
junior group "Almost Heaven."
CATHY: I'm looking around,
and all of the moms
have these incredibly
impish grins on their face.
And we know because every dog has his day,
and this is our day.
-HOLLY: I'm (inaudible)..
-KELLY: Holly.
I'm in my own world.
I want to just go home.
MELISSA: I can't believe
our kids didn't win.
Cathy's group did not deserve to beat us.
We've never, ever, ever, ever
in our lives got 10th place.
CHRISTI: Cathy's dreams came true today.
Finally they can say we beat them.
And they'll leave us alone.
I think the last time
we did in place was Electricity.
Amen.
Shocker, the group number came in 10th.
ABBY: Neither one of them
were dancing to their potential.
My kids have not danced
to their potential all year long.
-CATHY: Hello!
-CHRISTI: It's nobody's home.
(interposing voices)
-CATHY: How are you guys?
-Congratulations.
CATHY: In all sincerity,
we just wanted
to congratulate you on 10th place.
HOLLY: Thank you.
We're proud of ourselves.
Thank you.
CHRISTI: And congratulations
on one point better.
We saw, we came, we (indistinct)
You are Satan.
MACKENZIE: Bye!
ABBY: My entire reputation is humiliated.
(phone ringing)
Hello?
-DAVIS: Hi, is this Christi?
-Yes it is.
This is Davis Robertson
from the Joffrey Ballet School.
-How are you doing?
-I'm well. How are you?
DAVIS: I wanted to take the time
to call you personally
and let you know that, uh...
we want to offer
Chloe a scholarship for the summer.
She was at the top of our list.
Oh, thank you.
DAVIS: (indistinct)
-Oh, my gosh, that's amazing.
-Thank you.
CHRISTI: I think Chloe is excited
to have that opportunity,
but I really think that Chloe
is trying hard not to show it
because the other little girls in the room
wanted that as well,
and she didn't want to hurt anybody
else's feelings.
DAVIS: Under our direction,
I really do believe
that she has got the potential
to be just a beautiful ballerina.
-Oh, thank you.
-DAVIS: And we would like to assist
in making that happen.
CHRISTI: Oh, thank you so much.
-CHLOE: Thank you.
-DAVIS: You are very welcome.
HOLLY: It's hard when your child
doesn't get something that they want,
but that's also part of a dancer's life.
It's tough.
We'll be seeing you soon.
-DAVIS: Sure, take care.
-CHRISTI: All right, take care.
-You're being a brat. Don't--
-MADDIE: Give it.
-No, walk away from me.
-MADDIE: Please.
-I want to organize--
-Get back here right now.
Get back there now.
Get back here.
Madison, get back here.
Your phone is going away.
MADDIE: I feel really upset
that Chloe got a call
from the Joffrey Ballet School.
I think I kind of deserve to be on top.
MELISSA: Stop it. Guess what?
-Five days--10 days now.
-MADDIE: No!
MELISSA: 10 days
Maddie can't have her phone.
CHRISTI: I know exactly
how the little girl was feeling,
and I know that
she wants this Joffrey scholarship
as much as anyone else.
And I know she's thinking
my shot's out the window, it's all Chloe.
Even though these girls
are such good friends,
they are really,
really fierce competitors.
MELISSA: Maddie?
MADDIE: What?
MELISSA: Maddie, come here,
I have to tell you something now.
One more--if you don't come back
here in five seconds,
it's going to be 15 days.
Maddie is really stressed out
because she was disappointed,
but I won't put up with a bratty kid.
She just needs to reach deep
and down inside and just, you know,
be thankful for what she has
and don't--you just can't worry
what other people think of you.
(upbeat music playing)
(cheering and applause)
CATHY: Can you go from the top, Kendall,
so I can take a little peek at it?
My thought is maybe you might want
to put that costume on
because you're feeling
that it's a little constricting
and try doing the dancing.
I love the solo, "Queens of Hearts,"
that Kendall's going to be doing.
It has a lot of style to it.
It has a lot of technique.
It has some turns, some leaps,
and I think she can really
do well with it.
All right, so let's see it.
-Oh, my.
-Push.
Grunting.
-It's okay.
-Grunt harder.
-I can't do it.
-Yes you can.
Don't do this.
Of course you can.
Don't cry about it.
You're going to get your
makeup all messed up,
you're going to get all
worked up, and it's not--
it is totally not worth it.
I couldn't really move in my costume
because they didn't really fit me in it.
They just sent it to me.
So I really couldn't--
I couldn't do anything,
so I was a little nervous about that.
How's that prepared?
CATHY: Oh, honey, you're prepared.
That's--you're prepared.
You just went through
the whole entire dance.
You're totally prepared.
There's no reason to cry.
-Okay?
-JILL: Good luck, baby.
CATHY: There's absolutely
no reason to cry.
The dance is fine. It is what it is.
-It's about the Apples being your buddies.
-The costume's too tight.
JILL: What, honey?
-The costume...
-I know, the costume--
CATHY: You're just going
to have to deal with it, Kendall.
Two minutes, lovey.
You're just gonna have to deal with it,
okay?
ABBY: Okay, sidebar
from the restroom to the stage.
We have like 5, 10 minutes.
CHRISTI: Oh, my God.
Chloe has a 17-piece costume
that I have to pin.
They're at the end
of their category though,
so I don't know if we can hold it.
CHRISTI: There's no way
Chloe's going to be ready.
I can't physically do it.
Abby barks and barks
and barks and barks and barks at us
that we need to be prepared.
Well, you need to give us
enough time to be prepared.
Watch that hyperextended elbow right there
on that first movement.
You're cleaning the floor, Maddie.
MELISSA: We have literally 15 minutes
to do hair and makeup and practice
before our kids were thrown on stage,
and I'm really getting
sick and tired of it.
That's a lot of costume.
CHRISTI: And stay right here.
Don't look.
That's a lot of costume.
You just keep doing what you're doing.
KID: Chloe, you look so pretty.
ABBY: Okay, don't panic.
Don't panic.
Judges, eye contact,
suck them in right off the bat.
(tense music playing)
(applause)
CHRISTI: Kendall comes out
and she's the Queen of Hearts.
Cathy, we've been down this road before.
Stop copying my daughter.
(cheering and applause)
CATHY: I think that if Kendall
is going to compete against Chloe,
she has got to do better than her best.
And I know what it takes for us
to one-up her.
So what we've worked out is totally
going to steal her thunder.
("Shocker" by We Kings playing)
JILL: I'm sitting in the audience
with all the Candy Apple moms
supporting me and Kendall.
I just love this.
I just love watching Kendall dance.
And all of this drama
and heartache and heartbreak,
it's worth it when I see my child on stage
do what she just did.
(cheering and applause)
ABBY: Cathy is up
to her underhanded tricks again
thinking it's going to get her
ahead in the competition.
Off with her head.
Focus.
Represent.
MADDIE: The pressure I'm feeling this week
is because I'm their national winner,
so I don't want to let Miss Abby down.
(cheering and applause)
PRESENTER: Number 890
open ages 9 to 10, "In My Heart."
(cheering and applause)
("Hotel Heart" by Sharon Kenny)
SINGER: ♪ I saw you in my dream
last night ♪
♪ You had your smile so white ♪
♪ I thought your teeth were the stars ♪
♪ Your eyes, they were like tiny rivers ♪
♪ Well, it gave me the shivers
when you looked right up at me ♪
♪ We never got to say a goodbye ♪
♪ We never sat down
and cried and watched... ♪
(muttering)
(Maddie crying)
MADDIE: Abby's going to freak out on me.
I want to go again.
Can I please go again?
SINGER: ♪ ...just exactly how well ♪
♪ You carved your home in my heart ♪
♪ You can stay here a while
in this hotel heart ♪
♪ People come... ♪
MADDIE: (crying)
Abby's going to freak out on me.
I want to go again.
Never done this before.
(breathes heavily)
Can I please go again?
Please?
Abby's gonna hate me.
KELLY: I'm not surprised
that Maddie forgot her dance.
I think that Melissa and Abby
both put way too much
pressure on that kid.
She's nine years old.
Every single week she has a solo,
a duet or a trio,
and a group number.
And Abby wants Maddie to be her winner,
but she doesn't care
that she's gonna burn the kid out.
MELISSA: It's not fair.
They just threw you out there.
(bleep) Ssh, ssh, ssh.
Abby's going to hate me.
MELISSA: Shh, she is not.
Baby, look at me.
-She's gonna hate me.
-No she's not.
I've never done this.
I was backstage running my number,
and all of a sudden I hear
the music dying down
and then I hear footsteps
coming from the stage.
And then I heard Maddie say
that she forgot her dance.
I'm a little bit nervous
for my solo now that--
like from all the chaos backstage.
All I can do is cross my fingers.
PRESENTER:
Judges, 891, "Red Queen."
891.
(cheering and applause)
("Merlin" playing)
Sitting in the audience,
I'm looking at Abby
and she's sitting over there
crying hysterically.
I thought you were supposed
to save those tears
for your pillow, Ab.
(dramatic dance music playing)
(cheering and applause)
CHRISTI: Let me think.
Nia forgot her solo,
Abby didn't cry.
Paige forgot her solo,
Chloe forgot her solo,
Abby didn't cry.
Maddie forgets her solo,
it's waterworks.
Abby only cares about one person,
and this is a blatant display of that.
MELISSA: Tell her how it feels, Chloe.
You did it too.
And I just feel so bad
because I know exactly how it feels.
We've all done it by now.
Nobody's perfect.
MELISSA: Maddie, honey,
you're so hard on yourself.
-MADDIE: (sobbing)
-MELISSA: You have to stop this, okay?
Dance isn't that important, Maddie.
MADDIE: Yes it is.
MELISSA:
But it's not your whole life.
Well, it is your whole life
and it shouldn't be.
This is way too much pressure.
It's really hard when your
daughter's crying
saying she's a failure,
and she's nine years old.
You're not a failure when
you're nine years old.
Not at all.
And she kept saying,
"Abby's going to hate me,
she's going to hate me,"
and it really breaks your heart.
Abby's not going to hate you, Maddie.
I didn't even hear them
announce my daughter.
ABBY:
That doesn't matter.
But I'm just saying,
she was thrown on.
But I don't want to make excuses.
-Every kid forgets a dance.
-MELISSA: No.
-ABBY: That's not the deal.
-MELISSA: She thinks you hate her.
I'm sorry.
ABBY: Sweetheart.
MELISSA:
Aw, see, she thinks you hate her.
See, I told you she doesn't hate you.
Maddie, it's not your fault, honey.
You were such a fabulous kid.
MADDIE: (sobbing)
See, Abby loves you, Maddie, okay?
She knows what a kid you are.
ABBY: You know what?
Those kids who have perfect runs
and win everything when they're kids.
Where are they now?
They don't even dance anymore.
Kids that still have something
to shoot for and something to win.
They're the ones that are still working.
She screwed up just
like everybody else.
But you know what?
Maybe they won't all be vultures
and be after her all the time now.
Girls--nuh-uh, uh-uh,
we're not going to play that game.
You can see her
and talk to her later.
We're not going to play that game.
We're not playing that game.
HOLLY:
I'm not playing games.
But I also know that my child
ran off the stage.
I didn't see any tears from you, Abby,
when my kid ran off the stage, okay?
So point noted.
-It's a horrific--
-I don't care. I don't care.
I know you don't care,
and that's my point.
It's incredibly cruel
that there is a teacher
who's sitting there
having a pity party for herself
because her student
forgot a dance on stage.
And other students,
every other kid in that room
has had that same experience.
They all could have used a dance
teacher who cared about them.
Awards.
I'll take you down.
MELISSA:
Got to be supportive of your friends, so--
Any child being on stage
and forgetting their dance,
it's humiliating.
CHRISTI:
And it's happened to all of us.
And it's happened to everyone.
-But she even said to Maddie--
-HOLLY: There are pressures--
-She said she didn't care.
-HOLLY: (indistinct) for a reason.
And she didn't want any excuses.
She could care less.
Yeah, but there was not a tear shed
for another child in this company.
That's my issue.
These are children.
And you just cry for whatever reason
for one child and not the other.
They all hurt the same.
And the kids know.
The kids know.
It was so obvious and transparent.
I tried to deny that for many years
and give Abby excuses.
Just saying, that's just
the way she teaches,
that's just the way she is.
But today was like black and white.
No, it's not.
It's not the way she teaches for all.
There's a double standard.
There's a different system.
It is not equal.
Why don't you care that
all the other kids forgot their dances
but you care for Maddie?
My kids have been with you
since they were two.
I've been with you for 30 years
and you didn't care
that Paige came off the stage
and forgot her dance.
She told Maddie she didn't care
if she forgot her dance either.
She sat there and cried.
HOLLY: Abby, for once,
was speechless
because she knew she was wrong.
For once, some called her on something
and she had nothing to say.
Moms, it's awards.
HOLLY:
Thank you.
We're ready to go.
(upbeat music playing)
(cheering and applause)
PRESENTER:
Here come the official 2012
top 10 junior solos.
Kendall was a star out there
on that stage.
She did on that stage exactly
what we came here to do.
She shined.
CHRISTI: Chloe was amazing
as the Red Queen.
Regal, evil, and it was technically good.
Chloe deserves to win.
PRESENTER:
Seventh place, please give it up
for "Queen of Hearts."
Kendall, come on up.
(cheering and applause)
JILL: Yeah, I was surprised.
It's difficult to compete against Abby.
I would love to have seen her
in the top five, but that's okay.
We'll get 'em next time.
PRESENTER:
Here come the official top three soloists.
Give it up for 307,
"If My Friends Could See Me Now."
(cheering and applause)
In second place, 793,
"Want You Back," Julia!
Ladies and Gentlemen,
our top junior soloist today.
Please put your hands together
for number 891,
"Red Queen," Chloe.
I'm really happy
that I got first overall solo.
I mean, I haven't really
won for first in a while,
so it feels really good.
PRESENTER:
Who choreographs for you?
Miss Abby Lee Miller.
CHRISTI:
Given that Chloe
is at the bottom of the pyramid this week
for forgetting her number,
I'm so proud of her that she won.
And Abby's nowhere to be seen.
Where do I go?
KELLY:
How come you didn't come to awards?
CHRISTI:
Chloe's your dancer.
You should have been
there to support her.
I think one of the things you
already told them is that
save it for your pillow
in your hotel room
or in your bedroom,
and you should model
that behavior for them
and sat in the front row,
put your game face on.
ABBY: Come paddle me.
Let's just get it over with quickly.
Please, that's a visual
I do not want to see.
ABBY: Paddle, paddle.
Take the paddle.
I'll give you my tongue lashing
'cause shame on you.
That's what you give the girls.
I have nothing to say
to these moms right now,
and I don't care if I hurt their feelings.
They're grown adults.
They can handle it.
If they want their kids to be nurtured
and coddled,
they need to take them
back to nursery school.
You always say like, you know,
act professional, act professional,
you know, grow up.
This isn't really professional
model behavior.
Unbelievable.
I could not just sit there
and say nothing.
After all my child has experienced
and as well as many of those
other kids, it's not right.
It just is not right.
-CHLOE: Hi.
-Hello.
Congratulations.
You should be proud.
-MELISSA: Good job, Chlo.
-Everybody here is proud of you.
-CHLOE: Thank you.
-GIRL: Good job, Chloe.
Yeah, you should be proud of yourself.
Abby didn't say,
"Chloe you were fabulous."
She didn't say like, "Oh, Chloe, you know,
way to go, that was amazing."
Nothing. It was all about Maddie.
It's amazing to me.
It's amazing.
But there's no favoritism.
Not at all.
ABBY:
All right, guys.
See on the flip side.
So Abby says very cryptically,
see you on the other side,
and leaves the door.
Like, what's going on?
And the only one in the room
who doesn't seem confused
is Melissa.
MELISSA: She's going home.
CHRISTI:
What do you mean she's going home?
MELISSA:
She's leaving right now.
HOLLY:
Did she really leave?
This can't be real.
I lost a lot of respect for Abby.
I really did.
-Hi.
-TAXI DRIVER: (indistinct)
It's just funny how all of a sudden
when things don't go Abby's way
she's running home.
I think it's ridiculous you're leaving
because you're embarrassed
about the way you act earlier today.
KELLY:
Where are you going?
I'm going to go to the hotel,
get my stuff,
and going right to the airport.
ABBY: I need a break
I need a break from these moms,
a break from these kids,
a break from the yelling.
What do you want us to tell the kids?
Your kids are fine.
They're great.
They have been trained even
as young as seven years old.
They know what to do.
And they're fine without me.
KELLY: I have known Abby
for a long time
and I have never seen her like this.
I'm shocked.
(dramatic music playing)